Did he forget about the old village that year?
Still have the face to run for the position of martial arts leader
Also not afraid of other people laughing their teeth out.
Guys, I know you have a problem with my competition.
But Buddhist leader Pham Hien for so-called revenge
Overnight with the righteous sect 17 times
Heinous crimes, difficult book celebrations.
And you?
where are you guys
Not even visible.
You said you were a salesman?
What other qualifications do you have?
In front of the leaders of the six major sects
So only I have the right to be the leader of this martial arts world.
To Truong To
You gave me this sword, did you forget?
If I don't show up
Are you going to start my stunt?
I am forcing you out.
That year, Bat Lao village inspected 27 villagers.
How dare I not come?
How can they rest in peace if he is not dead?
So you killed the leader Guo.
Start revenge.
How the Martial Arts Alliance leader died, you know best in your heart.
Of course, there were many leaders in Buddhism at that time.
I saw you kill Guo leader with my own eyes.
Are you sure I really killed Master Guo?
I'm not the only one saying this.
Did you see that?
Oh, I see.
It was he who killed with the coin in his hand.
Ha ha, do you recognize this?
What are you doing?
Today I will show everyone your true colors.
Look whose hand this is.
Whatever you say
So you killed the leader Guo.
Bring him up here.
I can't believe I'm alive.